Everybody's always telling me one thing and out the other.
Even a fish could stay out of trouble if it would just learn to keep its mouth shut.
Beware the lollipop of mediocrity -- lick it once and you suck forever.
We don't have time to stop for gas -- we're already late.
By doing just a little each day, I can gradually let the task overwhelm me.
Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't. 
Never attribute to malice that which can satisfactorily be explained by incompetence. 
Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men have mediocrity thrust upon them. 
Thought: why does man kill? He kills for food. And not only for food: frequently there must be a beverage. 
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler. 
Government is not reason; it is not eloquence; it is force! It is a dangerous servant and a terrible master. 
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources. 
It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech. 
In the long run, we are all dead. 
There are two kinds of people, those who finish what they start and so on. 
Learning to dislike children at an early age saves a lot of expense and aggravation later in life. 
America is a mistake, a giant mistake. 
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments. 
Many are cold but few are frozen. 
Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone. 
Never confuse motion with action. 
Washington is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm. 
Power in defense of freedom is greater than power in behalf of tyranny and oppression. 
This is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly. It should be thrown aside with great force. 
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat. 
Experience: A comb life gives you after you lose your hair. 
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. 
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it's just the opposite. 
Life's most urgent question is: what are you doing for others? 
We do not inherit this land from our ancestors; we borrow it from our children. 
An eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind. 
In waking a tiger, use a long stick. (Mao Tse-tung)
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died. 
What you do is of little signifigance. But it is very important that you do it. 
Never mistake motion for action. 
Never try and teach a pig to sing. It wastes your time and annoys the pig. 
Time flies like an arrow, and fruit flies like a banana. 
I love criticism just so long as it's unqualified praise. 
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone. 
Put all your eggs in one basket, and watch that basket. 
Biography lends to death a new terror. 
Victory goes to the player who makes the next-to-last mistake. 
When the only tool you own is a hammer, every problem begins to resemble a nail. 
Better to light a candle than curse the darkness. 
I'm not going to vacuum 'til Sears makes one you can ride on. 
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood. 
Always be nice to your children because they are the ones who will choose your rest home. 
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened.  Happiness never decreases by being shared. 
The man who strikes first admits that his ideas have given out. 
Never judge a book by it's movie. (J.W. Eagan)
Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself. 
640K ought to be enough for anybody. 
There is no reason anyone would want a computer in their home. 
You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom. 
If you spend a perfectly useless afternoon in a perfectly useless manner, you have learned how to live. 
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake. 
The difference between 'involvement' and 'commitment' is like an eggs-and-ham breakfast: the chicken was 'involved' - the pig was 'committed'. 
If you are going through hell, keep going. 
If you haven't got anything nice to say about anybody, come sit next to me. 
When choosing between two evils, I always like to try the one I've never tried before. 
There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.      

Who is the best ?
I don't get it
bee?
is there something that you did not try before ?
what do you feel right now ?
i feel bad
hello
how are ou
how to live?
your sources?
it does not make sense
;)
:)
shit
yes
thaaf
pathetic
asdfaokoook
okkokokk
lllllllllll
